Adding support for private repos (#172)
aws-quickstart/quickstart-documentation-base-common: _layout_cfn.lang.adoc

endif::parameters_as_appendix[]
endif::no_parameters[]

ifndef::private_repo[]
== Send us feedback

To post feedback, submit feature ideas, or report bugs, use the *Issues* section of the https://github.com/aws-quickstart/{quickstart-project-name}[GitHub repository^] for this Quick Start. To submit code, see the https://aws-quickstart.github.io/[Quick Start Contributor’s Guide^].
endif::private_repo[]

ifdef::private_repo[]
== Send us feedback

> If you have feedback, feature ideas about this quick start please send to quickstart@amazon.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have feedback about this Quick Start, such as a feature idea or a bug you've found, email quickstart@amazon.com.
```
